This is my baby.
The child must belong to the family
It's impossible for you to suffer outside with your children
This agreement
Sign it now
Tingting
Why did the agreement die?
It was because of your control in the first place
Will push the woman I love far away
Now if you step in again
Neither mother nor son have to do it
Let's talk about it first, and that strong one has bad intentions
Jiang Yining is the same
Why don't you understand?
Ok ok
Whatever.
original
Your lotus leaf double lotus was torn apart by your mother
It's really a bunch of hard-working mandarin ducks
Now I can't compare
Her place in your heart
one year
Don't be angry
But your mother did remind me
We do owe a debt of gratitude.
After the child is born, it will be surnamed Jiang with me
Gu Family
You can't argue with me for child support at any time
right
You can go back now.
Definitely
What happened between you and your daughter?
Why did you suddenly move out of here?
I completely forgot about him
He and his first love, water
Is there any misunderstanding about this?
Even if it is a misunderstanding
But he gave up so easily
Show that his love is like that, I don't need him
It's enough for me to have kids